My legs.
My legs!
Grand Master.
we've located him on Olcatz.
Good work.
Hey!
It's time to roll the dice.
Will it be odds or evens?
Well. it's on.
What do you think
you're doing. droid?
Get back here!
Polish it up real good.
I spent a fortune
on this mobile gambling hall.
Boss. it seems we have a troublemaker.
We do?
Anée-san. handle it.
Rough him up and earn your keep.
But no killing this time!
Hey! Hey! You!
I said stop!
What do we have here? A droid?
Not that it matters
who's causing a ruckus.
I'll still cut you down.
Hey. what are you doing?
So it's you.
The Sith-hunting former Sith.
It... It's... It's getting away.
Hey! Get back here!
He's over here. Come on!
-Boss...
-Huh?
He has proof of us cheating.
What?
Deal with him.
No. no.
You mustn't run amok here.
You really are the Sith-hunter.
Is this what you're after?
I never would've thought
I would end up a target.
Help me out!
We're landing shortly.
Thank you for the information.
Awfully quick to act.
Still late on my payment. though.
Hmm?
It can't be. The Crusaders.
The Crusaders
have arrived to grant judgment.
That one's mine to deal with.
I've found you.
And now. you will face
the justice of a Grand Master.
You may not remember this form.
but you will remember
this Jedi's strength.
My legs. My legs!
Draw your blade
and show me that hideous power once again.
Sinner. I have come
to grant justice to you!
Pitiful bucket of bolts!
I don't understand
why you went out of your way
to meet this sad fate.
I'm finished here.
Destroy the rest of it.
My gambling hall!
Congratulations
on your well-served revenge.
A Jedi does not take revenge.
That aside. they could still be alive.
Ensure that they cannot leave the planet.
if they are.
Where... am I?
A bacta hot spring.
Those little fur balls
have been taking good care of us.
Why didn't you escape?
Because until that machine man
finishes you off.
this planet is on lockdown.
This whole place is his own
personal hunting ground now.
According to the information
Que-Dama and the others gathered.
he's obsessed with you.
And I do mean obsessed.
Carries quite the grudge against you.
doesn't he?
But that's his weakness.
They haven't made a move
for some time now.
Repairs to your friend
are taking a while. too.
Is R5 all right?
He's fine.
He's getting treated at Que-Dama's place.
Man's good at what he does.
It looks like we have
a temporary truce then.
We have a plan to defeat them.
Are you in?
If you are.
there are some things I'd like you
to lend me for this operation.
They want to bring you in alive.
Which means the machine man must want
to take matters into his own hands.
You're saying I should be the bait.
Is that it?
Now you're catching on.
What exactly is the connection
between you and that machine man anyway?
We've been expecting you.
Master Ronin.
Since you're the guy
who trashed my gambling hall.
I'm going to put you to work.
D-1-6.
take him to see the little guy.
Master R5-D56 is right this way.
I sincerely doubt that the Crusaders
would ever have imagined
that we would all be
on this island. recovering.
Master R5-D56 has been upgraded
by our boss Que-Dama.
so that he may serve as the very heart
of our interceptor system.
I will also note that the boss
created this island as well as myself.
It looks like those damn Crusaders
are getting more and more determined
to find us.
Yes? Yes.
Boss. it would appear that the Ewoks
have finished setting all their traps.
Then it's time for payback.
Grand Master.
we've received an anonymous tip
about the Sith's location.
Sending coordinates.
They fell for it. the suckers.
What do you want us to do?
Make yourselves conspicuous.
and try not to die.
Simple. right?
It looks like we're both the bait now.
Here they come!
They're flying straight down
to the shore.
exactly like we wanted them to.
Nice shot. little droid.
Focus your fire on the shield generator
at the top of the island.
It's fine.
Let 'em waste their firepower.
Go. The Ronin must be taken alive.
Do not kill him. even in error.
Watch out for the Ewoks!
They're in the water!
It's a trap!
There are countless traps on the...
How unsightly.
Well. well. aren't they tenacious?
Could be a good way to shake off the rust.
You stay there and watch.
You dare return despite your first defeat.
You Sith never learn!
You're the one who never learns.
R5. bring the shields back up.
D16. you'd better go
and look after our little droid.
Yes. sir. Right away.
I think that it's about time
we go ready ourselves.
-Let's go. you lot!
-Got it. boss.
Master R5-D56.
I have arrived to help.
and I am worth a hundred droids.
Now. where might I find
that shield generator?
That's three of those loathsome
red sabers you've lost.
How many more remain?
Come get some!
Master Que-Dama! Master Fzbol!
Oh. dear! What shall we do?
Boil us or fry us or whatever you want.
Do your worst!
That old rat.
Must have his eyes on another target.
Balance only comes
with true peace.
Thus. the Sith and dark side
must be eliminated.
Or they must
fully be brought to justice!
It's clear
you have lost your way. former Jedi.
There is no balance
without the light and the dark.
The judgment that you are so obsessed with
is nothing more than the denial
of the other side.
You're closer to the darkness
-than we are.
-You will be granted the justice
of The Grand Master.
Accept your fate!
My eyes...
The saber...
My lightsaber...
I am...
a Jedi!
You're no longer a Jedi.
You're not even a man.
You're just a machine.
I am... a... Jedi.
Ah. here he comes.
She's an old model.
but the engine's been overhauled.
Good as any of those speeders out there.
That's generous of you.
Stop by next time you're in...
Huh?
Isn't that your former client in there.
working for someone else now?
This is worth
more than your friend there.
Besides. it's a "dead or alive" deal
with this guy.
Really?
You never change. you sly dog.
Hmm? What's the matter?
I'm gonna need those crystals back.
Oh. these? Can't I just
borrow them for a while?
You should know that our truce is over.